cpuminer-opt is a console program run from the command line using the
keyboard, not the mouse.

See also README.md for list of supported algorithms,

Security warning
----------------

Miner programs are often flagged as malware by antivirus programs. This is
usually a false positive, they are flagged simply because they are
cryptocurrency miners. However, some malware masquerading as a miner has
been spread using the cover that miners are known to be subject to false
positives ans users will dismiss the AV alert. Always be on alert.
The source code of cpuminer-opt is open for anyone to inspect.
If you don't trust the software don't download it.

The cryptographic hashing code has been taken from trusted sources but has been
modified for speed at the expense of accepted security practices. This
code should not be imported into applications where secure cryptography is
required.

Compile Instructions
--------------------

See INSTALL_LINUX or INSTALL_WINDOWS for compile instructions

Requirements
------------

- A x86_64 architecture CPU with a minimum of SSE2 support. This includes Intel Core2 and newer and AMD equivalents.
- Arm CPU supporting AArch64 and NEON.

32 bit CPUs are not supported.

Older CPUs are supported by open source cpuminer-multi by TPruvot but at reduced performance.

Mining on mobile devices that meet the requirements is not recommended due to the risk of
overheating and damaging the battery. Mining has unlimited demand, it will push any device
to or beyond its limits. There is also a fire risk with overheated lithium batteries.

Beware of apps claiming "mobile only mining". There is no such thing, they aren't miners.
If a mobile CPU can mine it any CPU can.

See wiki for details.

Reporting bugs
--------------

Bugs can be reported by sending am email to JayDDee246@gmail.com or opening
an issue in git: https://github.com/JayDDee/cpuminer-opt/issues

Please include the following information:

1. CPU model, operating system, cpuminer-opt version (must be latest),
   binary file for Windows, changes to default build procedure for Linux.

2. Exact command line (except user and pw) and intial output showing
   the above requested info.

3. Additional program output showing any error messages or other
   pertinent data.

4. A clear description of the problem including history, scope,
   persistence or intermittance, and reproduceability. 

In simpler terms:

What is it doing?
What should it be doing instead?
Did it work in a previous release?
Does it happen for all algos? All pools? All options? Solo?
Does it happen all the time?
If not what makes it happen or not happen? 

Change Log
----------

v2.0

x86_64: Fixed blakes2s for AVX2 & AVX512, x25x for AVX512.
x86_64: Initial support for CPUs with AVX10, needs GCC-14.
ARM NEON: Various code optimisations.
ARM: CPU feature detection and reporting is now working.
ARM: Verthash is now working.
ARM: Small speedup for yescrypt, yespower & argon2d.
Code cleanup.


v1.0

Initial release